34 weeks that's a pretty tough
transition what is it transition it's
been good i mean there's nothing too bad
for me I've been too rough skin the
classes was new to me so far apart times
were different high school of me it's
class on the class of the class in here
is class you got to break them it's
another class we've been working hard to
in the weight room gonna feel running so
weather hasn't been that judgment for
you thousands guy 20 to 20 degrees now
feels like 70 back home me now if we're
like brothers already and we catch
around with couch out every morning
likes like father was packed in the car
so I mean every morning five o'clock in
the morning so at some point you gotta
build a bond with each other and that's
that's what we're doing
stands out
you see that's unique what do you see
this expresses
a bunch of guys that want to work hard I
mean in high school you you have guys
that want to work hard but once you get
here is it's a bunch of guys that want
to work hard all of them work hard in
the weight room in on the field carried
around for the rest of my recruiting
trip put her until I got here I gave it
back to coach young he's just when he
dropped me off he's like this is my
we're gonna have food we have to have a
story about mohandas recruiting process
is being a great receiver I want to be
receiving unknowing to coach Maya and
coach Smith I mean I can make that nigga
big data
yeah I mean yeah great great players
here and also a Florida received under
receiver spot so I knew that him like
coaching me will be a big impact I had a
guy compare you to Santonio Holmes me
being from Florida he's from Florida 10
years older than you or 12 or whatever
but just what what do you what do you
think about that kind of kickers that's
huge he's a great player you can do some
credible things and just try to model my
game other guys like that what do you
think about the opportunity here they
lose in philly ground looking for some
guys with some consistency and make
plays do you feel like you got an
opportunity to help him right away yes I
do I feel like um for work are hard
enough I get it to feel I can make an
impact Johnny national signing day to
day you were able to cut some of this
craziness off and roll really about what
it was like can you personally go
through the process anything strange
happen was it all about it was just
something different for me from like
reporters calling me and your coaches
calling me I mean he never really had
that much attention as a high school
football player I mean it was just it
wasn't something new what did you find
it first and then annoying yeah best way
to play at first are you all happy about
it you want it but then at the wall you
like is this is killing me how did you
learn to deal with it I mean how did you
learn to deal with just knowing that
some guys don't have don't have the
opportunity to be recruited so I just
embrace it it on took it like a man I
was gonna say Johnny you could have you
could have been at Alabama today you
could
I don't know how how tough was any come
to grips with of how good people thought
you were or think you are yours tell
what I'm saying is this process went
along oh really this to UM the media
like that I knew because they don't have
an effect on how I play so I just knew
that I had to reach us out myself and
just work hard and be the best player I
could be do you feel like this hit start
is coming do you feel like you're it's
already paid dividends being here yes
what's your take on that yeah I feel
like it's so much right now from the
weight room getting into running already
you just you already know how it's gonna
be like later on the classes more work I
mean is no big deal but we have to
listen so we have a lot of support to
help us with it all just take your time
and make sure the coaches in it for you
and just not the football part of you
how much snow at you ever seen before
okay uh fifth grade I want to watch in
DC in lash I wanted new jersey with my
friends so that was like for a couple
days are we here couple of days what's
it been like adjusting to their this is
no one the code that's wonderful we've
had a long time would you wait a bit
like I just compared to snow to rain
shoot for the past like couple of days
like last week it was just coming down
every day I'm like it's something new
right here